docs(queue): add § about batch_size and timing (#3238)
Mergifyio/mergify-engine: docs/source/actions/queue.rst

removed from the merge train. All pull requests embarked after it are
disembarked and re-embarked.

Batch Size
----------

|premium plan tag|

> Mergify also allows to check mergeability of multiple pull requests at once with
> ``batch_size`` option. If set to ``3``, Mergify will creates a draft pull
> request with last version of the base branch and merge the commits of the 3
> next queued pull requests.
> 
> If the CI validates the draft pull request, Mergify will merge the 3 queued
> pull requests and close the draft one. If the CI failed, Mergify uses a binary
> search to build smaller batch of pull requests to check to find the culprit.
> Once the culprit found, Mergify removed it from the queue and the rest of the
> queue is proceed as usual.
> 
> 
> ``batch_size`` and ``speculative_checks`` can be combined to increase the
> merge queue throughput.
> 
> For example, if your queue is 15 pull requests long and you have
> ``speculative_checks`` set to ``3`` and ``batch_size`` to ``5``, you'll have 3
> draft pull request of 5 pull request each being tested at the same time. If
> your CI time is 10 min, you can merge those 15 pull requests in 10 minutes
> then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mergify allows checking the mergeability of multiple pull requests at once using
the ``batch_size`` option. If set to ``3``, Mergify will create a draft pull
request with the latest version of the base branch and merge the commits of the 3
next queued pull requests.

If the CI validates the draft pull request, Mergify will merge the 3 queued
pull requests and close the draft one. If the CI reports a failure, Mergify uses a binary
search to build a smaller batch of pull requests to check in order to find the culprit.
Once the failing pull request is found, Mergify removes it from the queue. The rest of the
queue is processed as usual.

``batch_size`` and ``speculative_checks`` can be combined to increase the
merge queue throughput.

For example, if your queue is 15 pull requests long and you have
``speculative_checks`` set to ``3`` and ``batch_size`` to ``5``, you'll have 3
draft pull requests of 5 pull requests each being tested at the same time. If
your CI time is 10 min, you can merge those 15 pull requests in only 10 minutes.
```
